Docs m1 (#11578)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/components.mdx

  :::note
  To use `ConveRTFeaturizer`, install Rasa Open Source with `pip3 install rasa[convert]`.

>   The optional dependencies required for this component can currently not be 
>   installed on MacOS running on M1 / M2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that this component cannot currently run on MacOS using M1 / M2 architecture. 
  More information on this limitation is available [here](./installation.mdx#m1--m2-apple-silicon-limitations).
```

Author: great suggestion 🙏
